Add Guest Role documentation (#895)
portworx/pxdocs: content/concepts/authorization/overview.md

}
```

## Guest Access

Starting with version 2.6, Portworx introduced a new concept called Guest Role Access. This is similar to how when working on a Google doc, you may expose your document to the public with limited read-only permissions. The new `system.guest` role is now used whenever a user does not pass a token to any Portworx operation or SDK call. This role, by default, will all standard user operations such as Create, Delete, Mount and Unmount for [public volumes](#public-volumes).

> Volumes are public if they are created before security was enabled or without a token. This makes upgrading from auth disabled to auth enabled for PX 2.6+ very easy. Additionally, the admin may [mark a volume as public](/reference/cli/volume-access/#mark-a-volume-as-public) to expose it to the guest role. 

Reviewer: Generally, I recommend avoiding verbiage like "very easy", as it's subjective and can frustrate our users if they run into problems. 

```suggestion
Volumes are public if they are created before security was enabled or without a token. This simplifies the process for upgrading from `auth disabled` to `auth enabled` for Portworx 2.6+. Additionally, the admin may [mark a volume as public](/reference/cli/volume-access/#mark-a-volume-as-public) to expose it to the guest role. 
```

The role is mutable and is named `system.guest`. This allows the admin to change how the auth system behaves when an unauthenticated user interacts with it. Strict admins may [disable the guest role entirely](/reference/cli/role/#disabling-the-system-guest-role) if they wish.  

## Public volumes

> A volume is public if it does not have any ownership associated to it. Ownership is added based on the token a volume is created with. If a volume is not public, it has ownership and is considered private. 

Reviewer: I'd go with "associated with it" or "assigned to it", whichever is more accurate. 

```suggestion
A volume is public if it does not have any ownership associated with it. Ownership is added based on the token a volume is created with. If a volume is not public, it has ownership and is considered private. 
```
